
                            < M A T L A B (R) >
                  Copyright 1984-2013 The MathWorks, Inc.
                     R2013a (8.1.0.604) 64-bit (maci64)
                             February 15, 2013

 
To get started, type one of these: helpwin, helpdesk, or demo.
For product information, visit www.mathworks.com.
 
>> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> >> 
j =

     1


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


j =

     2


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).

[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  1.607794e-16.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 

Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


j =

     3


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).

[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  5.602904e-17.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 
[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  1.239234e-17.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 

Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


j =

     4


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).

[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  7.450911e-17.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 
[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  1.468991e-17.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 

Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




j =

     5


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


j =

     6


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




j =

     7


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


j =

     8


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


j =

     9


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


j =

    10


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).

[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  2.856808e-17.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 
[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  6.959166e-17.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 
[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  9.289736e-17.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 
[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  1.278028e-16.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 
[Warning: Matrix is close to singular or badly scaled. Results may be
inaccurate. RCOND =  1.294585e-16.] 
[> In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/backsolveSys.p>backsolveSys at 18
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/solveKKTsystem.p>solveKKTsystem at 16
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/private/computeTrialStep.p>computeTrialStep at 67
  In /Applications/MATLAB_R2013a.app/toolbox/optim/optim/barrier.p>barrier at 353
  In fmincon at 900] 

Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.




Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Solver stopped prematurely.

fmincon stopped because it exceeded the function evaluation limit,
options.MaxFunEvals = 10000 (the selected value).


Local minimum possible. Constraints satisfied.

fmincon stopped because the size of the current step is less than
the default value of the step size tolerance and constraints are 
satisfied to within the default value of the constraint tolerance.



>> >> >> >> >> >> >> 